fix(curriculum): remove first-person language from shopping list step 22 (#67400)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-shopping-list-app/67fe694ebcafe94ab7451a8f.md

However, it's not as efficient as it could be. While React is already very performant, there are some cases where it can be better to cache the results of potentially expensive calculations, or to ensure that functions are not recreated on every render.

> The following steps improve the performance of your app. But first, add some logging so the lifecycle of this component is clearer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll improve the performance of your app over the following steps. But first, add some logging so you can see the lifecycle of this component more clearly.
```
